I was like yeah just going through the
dogs myself and thinking how good the
Jess ones on um just aren't it recording
welcome to the you Xbox team meeting and
I'll be recording do we have anyone will
be taking notes I can take notes too um
let us begin we can start with Chris
Chris would you like to give us an
update she'll think they're just trying
to orientate myself a little ducks right
okay so I guess I can jump straight into
more technical implementations and
things I'll be looking at we have a an
ever growing Docs sort of spreadsheet
with some features and lists and ideas
that we were trying to collect together
it started off initially as a sort of
overview of current documentation sites
that we'd like and rather than focusing
too much on the technology side of
things because I think a very important
piece of this this problem space is
basically understanding what what
constitutes to successful documentation
not necessarily about the technology
problems behind it I think that's
obviously a stage stage two part of that
to help support it but so we have broken
down like a feature a feature list that
me maybe I show my screen actually
better to go through so yes this kind of
started off with some oversight of all
the various documentation platforms and
from either from platform level products
or also application level stuff and
language orientation so we've looking at
all these different websites and trying
to figure out what some common ground
between them what we think would be
actually successful for
for verax documentation some of it is
very simple and actually I think a lot
of the problem space is more about the
navigation from the get-go to getting
started kind of orientating people to go
to the right parts and documentation but
then of he went further into current
existing solutions out there that we
could use that maybe would help us
bootstrap some of this these options and
really the feature set list was this one
here so we wanted to create why do you
want to get something that is
open-source we can obviously encourage
responsive design throughout the
application so it's pretty accessible on
mobile and other platforms customization
is quite important for us so we can
embed different different widgets and
things that we want to use for various
analytics and tracking
internationalization for obviously
translation and see where to get up to
work with transifex we've currently got
and then there's there's a various like
lower-level things like all the way down
to how we edit things like with markdown
MDX making it most accessible and then
search being hurry a big priority
because I've seen discoverability is the
main issue right now so I think Search
Search for me is gonna be like the main
focus for a lot of this because we can
never completely create a navigation or
an architecture of where we will you
know have a narrative from A to D for
every poem every particular audience so
yeah so search can be a big focus and
their goal is actually one of the things
is using a lot of products right now but
it's it kind of bells down to two
overall directions from my perspective
which is essentially either gasp you are
into product something that we've got
enough resource and development inside a
PL to help build this but also it's
quite accessible the Zoological platform
and then potentially a an alternative
which would be using something like
docker source which is very heavily
inspired by Gatsby but also Jess open
source project that is evolving quite
rapidly but it's also got some very big
limitations right now with terms of
steam ability and customization and
to see hem from Mali my question was how
do these things fit into the development
process so one of the big things is we
haven't done a great job at keeping our
documentation up to date and part of
that is engineers who are updating
should be updating the documentation
don't know where the documentation that
they're supposed to be updating lives
and some of it it's just it atrophies
because there are pieces of this that we
haven't automated that maybe we could
have or at the very least we haven't
tested that we could have so that we
would have a feedback loop of when we
are and aren't doing as effectively so
what are the options for these two
platforms around hooking this into
things like CI running tests over our
Doc's coverage things along those lines
that are going to help us make sure it
stays accurate yeah
very good question because I think
automation is going to be an important
part of quality control for this
especially in the future so in the
meantime I'm really trying to evaluate
the bigger picture so if we're putting
in the manual work and we're going to
present these documentation to the world
for how we want to do this then we want
to have the minimum set of features that
will allow us to do that in progressive
accessible way and then finding an
option that can allow us to actually
automate some of that and test it on
tests on top of it maybe highlight
problems or at least when we publish new
versions of the API that will say like
have you reviewed this documentation or
this was this because if we if we flag
certain Doc's
in in the platform as be in version
specific then we can run tests against
that to say that and make sure that this
version was current with the the API
changes and right now there's only
really that has versioning baked-in off
the bat is actually docu Saurus yeah so
we we can do sort of version level API
Doc's for individual platforms and
that'll allow us then dig into and see
how change logs for things it's just
really really nice and very flexible the
potential downside is that we would then
have multiple websites for each
implementation which is kind of what we
have right now and we'd have various
different layers that I represent that
so I want to make sure that we can be
consistent with all the
representation that exists Eiling the
navigation between it between them all
the search engine can like jump you off
towards if you want if you're looking at
a go level implementation or jeaious
level one but from what I seen from
various other product right now they're
kind of keeping that lots the very
separate anyway so I reckon we'd end up
we just have having like a you know core
go implementation site will the
dachshund and json' and in continuing
from there and same things happens with
react on Facebook they've got like
they're back native version and they've
got the GS core I think it's quite a
high level overlay overview so far what
else was hand this so yes and the next
steps really for me and I was talking
with Eric last week about this so it's
just more about now I've kind of come to
this potential crossroad it's like
figuring out what are the limitations of
these two routes how much development
time do we want to put into into some of
these directions or whether or not we
want to whether are any limitations with
some of the options we want to actually
deploy some of this work so I think
hosting an idea fest is a big one for us
and making sure they're successful that
way offline so I go into propose like
doing a spike either next week or the
week after
with these two versions and essentially
see what potential technology
limitations we've got and then figure
out whatever what is our core base
features set that we want to actually
and basically aim towards and I my
overall feeling is that Dhaka Soros will
get and get it's quite a long way with
very little development but it will
limit us with some customization and but
we might be okay considering that's so
that we approach we want is we want to
have we want to lean on something that's
existing there that's we can contribute
back to and essentially does help the
whole ecosystem rather than building a
complete respect solution for ourselves
and but then a Gatsby approach might
give us some some of that greater
flexibility longer term and then we
could also that could potentially build
into like a documentation platform for
the entirety of PL and all the projects
of people that we use
like a female way so um that's roughly
where I'm at with this piece that I'll
just jump ahead to what I'm currently
doing with the quiz as well so Eric is
also we're working this together to kind
of give people some guidance into IB FS
and understand the current limitations
from when you come on to the homepage
like why what I'm going to do with this
how can I get started so I was kind of
looking at some potential ideas of just
simplifying the homepage and changing
the terminology around this as well so
instead of being like try it and making
it feel like you know you're
experimenting with things it's more like
getting started getting like digging
deep into the actual product making sure
there's one clear call to action rather
than to learning will be more about like
the next stage of I want to understand
what I can do with this and having
achieve this I wrote a little list of
some of the problems that I found so far
with this the homepage like I feel like
the main primary demo is four years old
even though it's a good one it's very
thorough and we couldn't certainly do
better now and we could create like a
fairly set of maybe a thirteen thirty
second or one minute limit
Caeser sort of thing that will give a
very broad overview and there actually
are some good community ones out there
that maybe we could just piggyback on in
the mean time and use as our highlight
features and then yeah things like
trying it rather than saying let's guess
let's get started I'll push them into
the quiz funnel and essentially say that
I am a developer or I'm a and a server
manager or working in enterprise or I am
contributor I want to help out with the
project and then given people some
various different options of what they
can do when they go down those steps
and yeah then just basically trying to
do a little bit of an audit over current
the current language were using where it
says like install implementations
getting started whatever I just try and
simplify it so we've always got the same
sort of approach and this is something I
need to discuss with Eric he's not on a
call right now but I'll catch up with
him afterwards so we can sort of assumes
oh there he is hiding out there now okay
because I just noticed that you've also
been looking or working on this mock-up
side so we need to kind of join forces
on how we're going to
connect those dots together and get a
verse draft draft in place so my aim
this week is to basically implement this
piece so I'd like to summarize the
documentation platform ideas and let
that stew for a while while I can get
the get some basic implementations and
so this one is a good option so we can
we can actually start to make some moves
on this and get some analytics on then
that can help us out so that is me in a
nutshell
Molly the the doing a prototype makes a
lot of sense to me because we're not
going to necessarily know all of the
edges will run into until we start
trying to to use one of these things
what what is the scope of that in your
view like how long of a spike on that do
you think it takes how much what sort of
content do we want to try pouring into
things like what are you envisioning in
terms of what that roadmap of
prototyping age looks like I think I'll
keep it as simple as possible so no more
than a week for both of those projects
and basically just take the same subset
of information and see how easy it is if
I cannot achieve much in a week's worth
of time then actually we gonna have our
own issues anyway so I think a protic
like the the HTTP API level Docs because
they're pretty thorough and they're also
it's a very long page and it'd be great
to test that searching against so yeah I
think the primary limitations is because
all of these are react or into products
that often run into the same sort of
problems that are happening in the
ecosystem right now which is all the
relative path issues where things need
to be deployed at different paths depths
and if you put on an idea first then
you've got the object and it loads via
IP NS and they end up with different
path issues so um I don't think I think
we've kind of handled that and gaps for
using a plugin in the past but it was
it's not ideal because it's doing lots
of rewrites and the output so it'd be
nicer to have a better solution for that
but it could be the docq source actually
handles relative path better and I will
well you know that would be a double win
for us and
have to ask you a question there's like
is you know is the priority here to get
this hosted on ipfs or is it to improve
all this in the first first instance and
make sure that we're delivering value to
the overall yonce and then work on stage
2 which will be getting this out on tour
in platform and and it's good to
communicate it back as a lesson but
because other people are going to hit
the same problems and so I want to make
sure that we're you know covering both
bases so need to work out a timeline for
all of this but yeah I feel like once we
have the quiz out the way and we get
those metrics up then we can start to
edge very very quickly towards the these
options um Terry you said that you have
to leave soon do you mind
quickly presenting sure I'd be happy to
um so on the proto school front we have
a few different pieces of work we've
been doing a lot of it involves linking
so sorry we updated ji PFS IO
with a quick fix getting started with
nursin essentially like tutorials that's
it right on top of the page we worked
together and figured out how to get this
bad boy linked up here um we also I
think in the same no it's a different PR
that we worked on a footer update for
this is Jaso I think FSI oh that's just
a simple tweak to get she get proto
school highlighted there and then
there's a first one that's in progress
here on the main ipfs tayo website and
the biggest thing we were doing there is
a section that was like take closer look
it basically just says read white paper
as an option that white paper is like
very technical but not in a I'm a
to code way in a lake I went to
university anyway like how to describe
it so we had had a conversation on the
GUI call and oli suggested kind of using
this as a spot to include proto school
but also to include the dog so we're
kind of looking at what's the right
phrasing to do this and then these would
be buttons that are next to each other
or when you narrow the screen underneath
each other and so the PR is open there I
don't think we have enough time on this
call to bet these ideas around but
please feel free to hop into that PR and
throw out your ideas for what that's
what would make more sense for this
wording and then we are also in that PR
updating the footer to include a proto
school section right now I was like IVFs
with 10 million categories and file coin
and now proto school and is there Diago
and I just merged an update that will be
hopefully unless we've messed something
up it mostly invisible to the user but
it refactor is a bunch of stuff under
the hood in front of school that makes
the code cleaner and easier to work with
and that's gonna enable us to do our
next step which is finishing up that PR
on enabling multiple choice as a lesson
type there you go what have I missed
that we've been working on yes I think
that's it but right now that's PR it was
supposed to be invisible to the users
but now it's pretty visible because we
made a lot of work for changes that
makes protocool proto school works work
super good I think we have a lot of lots
of issues when you upload files and then
you came back to license and there were
no cached files on the browser and
everything the things were not coherent
because you tried to submit forth then
you had no files but the lesson was best
lots of issues like that now everything
is solved and it's so much clearer to
the user what he can do so yeah I think
there were some questions Alan maybe
all right thanks um Eric would you like
to go next yes jazz hands Eric would you
like to go next
okay Lise I can briefly show what I've
been doing